♪Allergic to fast-food love,
even if it's too naive♪
♪Just like a hug needs
the right body heat♪
♪Your "same here" carries
a touch of resolve♪
♪Pack my bags, we can set off right now♪
♪The future is a wondrous,
unknown adventure♪
♪The journey itself is what
truly matters before the destination♪
♪Those moments together
are what bind us strongest♪
♪Connect♪
♪Let's go!♪
♪Leave worries behind
in yesterday's sentimentality♪
♪Today, no dwelling
on negative emotions♪
♪Tomorrow holds more luck♪
♪Together we'll create moving melodies♪
♪The future begins to take shape♪
=Love in A Secret=
(I Just Want to Drown With You)
=Episode 14=
I'm so sorry, Zhu.
I've dragged you
into all of this mess with me.
It's okay.
It's not like you wanted this.
I guess we've been
through life and death together now.
I guess so.
But I always get the feeling
that your brother...
Ze.
Are you really going
to Singapore with me?
What's there to doubt?
Don't you know?
My greatest dream is...
As long as I'm with you,
I'm willing to go anywhere.
Oh, right.
Did you make a wish last night?
Huh?
What wish?
There were shooting stars last night.
I knew you didn't.
I already made one for you.
What did you wish for me?
It's a secret.
Tianze.
My dad is calling me.
I'm heading back now.
(Can my wish)
(still come true?)
Zhu.
Look at this.
Here.
What does this mean?
Situation. "Qing kuang."
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing
for what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
Everyone.
Our project
is a success!
This project still needs follow-up.
Understood. See you, Mr. Ye.
Man.
I have something to say to you.
What is it?
Our victory this time
wasn't because our project
was so visionary or marketable.
Then, what was it?
It depended on
whether the president of the Lu Group
was willing to use his veto power
somewhere else or not.
What do you mean?
You and I are people
who need to move forward.
But if someone
stands in the way of our progress,
we should find a way
around them without hesitation.
So,
I was a stumbling block
on your road to success,
and you chose
to kick me aside effortlessly,
right?
Lily.
I really admire your talent.
And I really did love you.
However,
I realized we are not on the same path.
Good work, Miss Fan.
Man.
I missed you.
Me too.
Sit down.
What's wrong?
What were you just thinking about?
Do you know what
"conflicting interests" means?
For anything in this world,
once it's tied to profit,
its core essence changes.
You either go with the flow,
or you fight against it.
Why am I telling you all this?
You wouldn't understand.
I do.
But I won't just go with the flow,
nor will I fight against it.
Then, what would you do?
Right or wrong,
I will always choose you.
Unwaveringly.
It has nothing to do with profit,
nor does it matter
if interests conflict.
As long as it's you.
Right or wrong, it's you.
Welcome to my studio.
Why did you paint this?
I don't know why,
but every time I see the ocean,
I don't feel afraid.
Instead, I feel safe.
The darkness of the seabed
makes me want to keep exploring.
Especially after I met you.
You constantly stand
in front of me to protect me,
making the hope
I hid in the depths come true.
Do you like it?
Yes.
What do you like?
I like you.
I'll take this call.
(While you're alive,
live to the fullest.)
(Love others with all you have.)
(Try your best to be loved.)
(That way, when death comes,)
(you won't be reluctant
or afraid anymore.)
In three months,
we won't give you any more chances.
We can forget about the money,
but we will definitely
expose what Ye Liang did.
He shouldn't think
that death ends everything.
We'll find a way
to make his name stink forever.
What's going on?
Qingbai, look at this.
This...
You two, look.
Is this you?
(He's Ye Man, the son of the Ye Group)
Are you satisfied now?
Once this news got out,
it spread everywhere.
The impact on the group is too much.
Don't you know?
You're siblings, you know that?
Siblings, do you understand?
What are you doing?
Ridiculous!
You'd better behave yourselves.
Mom,
this has nothing to do with Lu.
And you!
You've really disappointed me.
What are you acting for?
Didn't you know about this long ago?
Weren't you the one
who leaked these photos?
Only you
would do something like this.
Lu.
Man.
I have been doing my best
to pave the way for you.
You've offended Mr. Lu.
How will your future be?
Why can't we be together?
Are we related by blood?
I'm already married to Mr. Lu.
Can there be a future for you and her?
Would Mr. Lu ever agree to this?
Think about it carefully.
Hey, look. Is that her on the phone?
I used to only hear
about female gold diggers.
Now, there are male ones too.
Isn't it her they're talking about?
Yes, it's her.
Hey, isn't this her?
♪Bit by bit, I'll forget you♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing
for what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely♪